You went in all of a sudden?
You then took off all your clothes?
You screwed all your clothes, where's your daughter?
Ah, you turned into Temlichich!
My daughter is asking about you,
He was basking in sleep and partsing so powerfully.
He had dearred feelings bitterly вот why
all his past philosophy base has been 같은.
And now...
I can't remember.
What is this?
Oh, yes.
It's a dog.
Look at it.
It's a dog that hates me.
It's been bitten by its owner.
It's been crushed by a nail.
It's been bitten by a god.
It's been torn apart.
This is...
It's so hard.
It's fallen apart.
I can't remember.
It's a dog that hates me.
It's been bitten by a dog.
It's been crushed by a dog.
It's been bitten by a god.
It's been torn apart.
It's been crushed by a dog.
Please wait.
Ladies and gentlemen.